[contemplative music plays]
[huffs]
[gull calling]
[breathes deeply]
[contemplative music continues]
[sighs]
[man] So, why do you want to work
for a company like ours, Daisy?
[Helen] Uh, well,
I saw your advert in the paper,
and I saw that you were looking
for a translator, and, um,
I can translate, so... [chuckles softly]
[man] Your CV's a bit patchy.
A couple of big gaps.
Yeah, um, I've been out of the country
for most of the last ten years.
[man] Since you were 18.
Hence the languages.
French, German, and Russian.
That's impressive.
Though we usually ask for candidates
to be educated up to university level.
Although, I note
that you had an offer from Cambridge.
Oh, was... How do you...?
[man] Oh, there are always records
of these things,
as much as one might try and hide them.
You were quite an exceptional student.
I assume that's why
they offered you the scholarship.
Except... you turned it down
in order to leave the country
for ten years.
But I like that.
Shows bravery.
[chuckles softly]
[man] Mother deceased.
Father's whereabouts unknown.
When you were asked
if you had any siblings,
you wrote down that you did not.
What can you tell us
about a woman named Bonnie Weir?
Uh...
She was my, um, stepsister
for, uh... three years
when we were teenagers.
My mother married her father,
but, I mean... [scoffs]
- ...it didn't last long. My mum, she, um--
- Died.
And so... Bon...
Well, Bonnie wasn't my stepsister anymore.
She was just, um...
I... I mean,
I don't know what that's called,
if there's even a name for it.
If you have a stepsister,
and your mother then passes away,
and is no longer married
to your stepsister's father?
Yeah.
It's called having a stepsister still.
Right.
Okay, well, I...
I didn't realize that when I was--
Do you know where Bonnie is now?
HMP Bronzefield.
Serving a life sentence for the murder
of her biological father, your stepfather.
Maybe you aren't stepsisters anymore, actually.
She's about nine and a half years
into her sentence, isn't she?
She was sent down just before
you left the country in such a hurry.
[quiet somber music plays]
[smacks lips]
Daisy, we have a company policy.
We don't hire someone
with these kind of family complications.
[chuckles softly]
Okay.
Uh... thank you for the opportunity,
and I'm sorry for wasting your time.
You didn't.
[somber music continues]
[scribbling]
[paper tears]
When you get home, call this number.
You'll be put through
to a woman named Reed.
Tell her that I told you to call her.
Tell her that I said
I think I've found one.
Found one what?
A little Black Dove.
[somber music continues]
[paper shuffles]
A little Black Dove.
[somber music continues]
[music fades]
[car door closes]
- [Reed] Evening.
- [Helen] Hi.
Daisy, I presume?
Yes.
[Reed] You applied to be a dogsbody for
an international corporate solutions firm.
[Helen] I applied to be a translator.
And they wouldn't let you
because of your family's
intimate connections
with Her Majesty's Prison Service.
- Yes.
- [Reed] Well, lucky old you.
A door closes,
a window opens, as I always say.
- So you speak French, German, and Russian?
- Yes.
- [Reed] Fluent in all?
- German's a little more conversational.
Oh, yes,
the famously conversational Germans.
Ever tried learning any other languages?
- Like what?
- [Reed] Mandarin, Korean, Farsi?
- Nope.
- [Reed] Why not?
Not a lot of bar work in Iran.
Oh, I've had some of the best nights
of my life there.
To be young in Tehran again...
Are-- Are you looking for a translator?
No.
Ms. Reed.
Mrs. Reed.
I don't know who you are
or what you do or even where you do it,
but if you are not
looking to hire anyone--
Oh, I'm looking to hire someone.
Just not for the job
you were applying for.
Okay, then what is the job?
Who are the Black Doves?
[quiet suspenseful music plays]
We're procurists. Harvesters.
We deal in the currency of information.
We gather it, and we sell it.
You're spies?
Yes.
For us? For Britain?
We're a capitalist organization,
not an ideological one.
Well, capitalism is an ideology.
Oh, well, there's that Oxbridge degree
you didn't take coming in handy.
So you... you gather information,
and you sell it to...?
The highest bidder.
China? Russia? Iran?
- Would I be breaking the law?
- Yes.
- Would I be in danger?
- [Reed] Yes.
Would I be betraying my country?
[Reed] Sometimes, you'll be helping it.
And the other times?
Oh, you'll just be one more little hand
on the roundabout, making it spin.
[chuckles wryly]
[suspenseful music continues]
What makes you think
that I'd want to do something like that?
[Reed] Because you're
a highly intelligent risk-taker.
Because you're a survivor.
Because something happened
with your stepfather
and you managed
to disappear for ten years.
And because when most people look at you,
they see a beautiful woman.
But me,
I see a coiled spring.
I see a weapon.
You sized me up
the minute I walked up to you.
You've got an escape strategy
in your head.
You know where the exits are.
You know I'm not wearing shoes
I can run in.
I bet you remember my car number plate.
G174 SAP.
Don't think I don't know
you've got your hand balled up into a fist
in your pocket,
ready to swing it, young lady.
Daisy isn't your real name, is it?
How would you like a new one?
[suspenseful music continues]
[Wallace] Our nation's potential is vast.
And it is incumbent upon us
to harness it wisely.
So let us be known for our pragmatism,
our ability to find common ground,
and our dedication to building
a, uh, stronger, more cohesive society.
[suspenseful music continues]
Uh...
Sorry, just, um...
Oh yeah. It is time for us
to be a force for positive change.
To have the determination
to reach ever higher, ever further.
And that is what I will provide
for my constituents, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's what I know that people at home,
everyday people, our voters,
care about the most.
[applause]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Helen] Hi. Tequila on the rocks, please.
It's been a long day.
Yes. Hasn't it?
I saw you speak earlier.
Oh yeah? What did you think?
Think you need to get better at it.
Ouch.
Well, I just...
- [scoffs]
- Sorry. I meant the presentation.
Just sort of eye contact.
You know, engagement.
Get a decent suit.
What's... what's wrong with my suit?
Apart from the fit,
the color, and the material? No, nothing.
- Okay.
- [bartender] Tequila.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Any thoughts on the, um...
the contents of the speech?
You know, the actual words that I said?
Well, I-- I think nobody's going to listen
to the lovely things you have to say
if you don't work on the presentation.
- Ah, you're a skeptic. Okay.
- Guilty.
- That's fair.
- [Helen] Uh-huh.
But here's the thing. Here's the secret.
- I actually meant what I said. I did.
- [Helen laughs]
- Really?
- Yeah, I did.
You're an idealist.
Well, if you don't have a dream,
how are you gonna have a dream come true?
And a Rodgers and Hammerstein fan.
[both laugh]
Guilty, I'm afraid.
What's your name?
Helen Dawson.
Nice to meet you, Helen Dawson.
Nice to meet you, Wallace Webb.
[breathing softly]
[exhales softly]
[suspenseful music plays]
[laptop whirs]
[computer beeps]
[suspenseful music continues]
[trills]
[music fades]
Here.
Good evening.
- What?
- Good evening.
"How are you? What's your name?
Thank you so much for waiting."
Just some standard conversational gambits
to try when... you know,
when you meet someone for the first time.
Are you being serious right now?
I'm being polite right now.
My name's Sam.
Dais-- Helen.
Yeah, try not to say half of your old name
before introducing yourself.
That's probably Spycraft 101, isn't it?
Who are you? Are you a Black Dove?
[scoffs] No.
No, I'm not a spy.
I do a bit of work for Reed
off-book sometimes.
Great. So you're the odd-job man, then?
That's not the way I would describe it.
Well, no, you'd-- you'd probably make it
sound more important, wouldn't you?
[rain patters gently]
So how was your job tonight?
[Helen exhales]
- Sorry, it's none of my business.
- No, it isn't.
Was he really gross?
No, he was...
he was a gentleman. [scoffs]
- A gentleman?
- Uh-huh.
Okay. [inhales deeply]
- So where am I taking you?
- Oh, just drop me at the station.
Oh shit.
- What?
- Uh, I left something up there.
- A lighter.
- Buy another one.
- No, I can't. That was my mother's.
Can I give you
a small piece of advice, Dais-- Helen?
Um... don't get sentimental.
Yeah, well, that was very profound.
Thank you.
Um, there's a saying
about returning to the scene of a crime.
I'm trying to remember,
is it a good thing to do or not?
You know, you're being very fucking droll
for 3:00 a.m.
I'm trying to stop you
from doing something stupid.
- A bit fucking late for that, isn't it?
- Okay, listen.
This is what we're gonna do.
I'm gonna wait here.
I can see your room.
If you don't need me,
then draw the curtains.
If the curtains don't close,
then I'll be up in 15 minutes.
And I'll come up hot,
and I'll get you out of there.
This your first job?
Yeah.
You did good.
Thank you.
- [sighs]
- I'll wait here.
Okay?
[knocking on door]
You left.
- Yes.
- [Wallace] Okay.
But now you're back?
[chuckles]
Yes.
- What are you doing?
- [Wallace chuckles]
Working.
- At 3:00 a.m.?
- [Wallace] Uh-huh.
Well, there's a lot to do.
What are you working on?
The future.
- Why did you come back?
- [chuckles softly]
[gentle music plays]
[exhales]
[gentle music continues]
[keys jangle]
[engine starts]
[music fades]
[Sam] That's him.
"Elmore Fitch."
That doesn't sound like a real name.
Former marksman for the SAS.
Forty-five confirmed kills in Afghanistan.
Came back to civilian life in 2015
and went freelance.
- Have you ever come up against him before?
- No, but I've heard things.
Like what?
Like he's a former marksman for the SAS
with 45 confirmed kills in Afghanistan.
That kind of thing.
Why would Jason have been calling
the daughter of the Chinese ambassador?
I've no idea.
But those two hit women in his flat,
they said that they were looking
for a young woman.
And she's still missing?
I mean, they can't find her anywhere?
That is correct.
And her dad died of a drug overdose?
Well, actually, the Chinese think
that he didn't die of a drug overdose.
They think that he was murdered.
Possibly murdered Chinese ambassador
with a missing daughter
who was receiving phone calls
from a civil servant
the day he was killed
alongside two other people.
[trills lips]
[chuckles]
These webs we weave,
they are tangled, are they not?
- Have you been drinking?
- What?
Your breath smells of wine.
Um, I was at dinner.
Are you pissed?
I think that I can have
three glasses of sauvignon blanc
and still do my job.
- Thank you.
- Was it three glasses though?
Four.
- Five.
- [Helen smacks lips]
And a line of what I thought was cocaine,
but I'm starting to suspect
may have been... ketamine.
Oh great. Cool. So, uh, a bottle of wine
and some horse tranquilizer.
Anything else? Did you shoot up
under a bridge on your way here?
Listen, I have just left
a very enjoyable evening
with some old friends
to come and murder
a hired contract killer for you.
So let's tone down the judgement a tad,
shall we?
[tense music plays]
[music fades]
[softly] Okay.
Your pupils are dilated.
- I'm fine.
- You're fucked!
We're all fucked, darling.
[clatter in lock]
[door closes]
[tense music plays]
[quiet ticking]
[ticking]
[Sam sighs softly]
[music fades]
Fuck.
Well, he's not here.
No.
[Helen sighs] Fuck's sake.
[sighs]
So how did you find him anyway?
I took his fingerprints
off a bullet casing.
- Mm.
- Opposite where Jason was shot.
Right.
What?
No, nothing. It's just...
Well, that seems a bit lax, doesn't it?
For a professional hit man
who was in the SAS
to leave a bullet casing
with his fingerprints on it
that lead directly to his home address?
[ticking and whirring]
[tense music plays]
Shit. Run! Run!
[gunshot]
[mechanism clicks]
[soft, suspenseful music plays]
[Helen gasps]
Oh my God! [gasps]
[Sam] Oh fuck.
Come on. Let's go.
[distant sirens wailing]
[huffs] That was my fault.
No, it wasn't.
Yes, it was. It was obviously a trap.
What the hell was I thinking?
- It's okay.
- [Sam] It's not okay!
Fuck. Fucking idiot.
- [Helen] Can we stop for a minute?
- Why?
Because you dislocated my shoulder
when you pulled me off that balcony.
[grunts] Oh fuck.
- [gasps]
- That was impressive.
You should have seen me when I pushed
two human beings out of my vagina
on the same afternoon.
- Just another Wednesday for you, isn't it?
- Fuck off.
[suspenseful music plays]
- [music stops]
- Check every room.
And text me when it's clear.
Okay.
[Sam] Sleep well, darling.
[cell phone chimes]
- [keys jangle]
- [engine starts, revs]
- [quiet, tense music plays]
- [car departing]
[music fades]
[quiet grunting]
[man groans]
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh. Sh, sh, sh, sh.
Your family's asleep upstairs.
They're alive.
They can stay that way.
I assume that's what you want.
Okay, let's work towards that,
then, shall we?
I am here
because the people I'm working for
believe you may be in possession
of something that they desire.
They also believe
you may know the whereabouts
of a person they are looking for.
Do you understand?
[tense music plays]
The item they are looking for
is a digital recording device.
It's a small, black pinhole video camera.
Do you have this device?
Do you know where it is?
It might recently have been
in the possession
of a young woman called Kai-Ming Chen.
Do you know this woman?
[tense music continues]
You do understand
that giving me what I'm looking for
is the difference between a quick
and a prolonged death for you,
between life and death for your family?
You've used the threat of violence
against my family twice now.
For the sake
of your own personal well-being,
I really wouldn't again.
You're Elmore Fitch, aren't you?
Yeah.
[tense music continues]
You shot a man
on the South Bank two nights ago.
You killed him.
Yeah.
You're going to regret that.
- I regret everyone I kill.
- Why'd you do it, then?
Why does the songbird sing?
You're a fucking poet now?
[tense music continues]
What do you know about me?
Helen Webb, politician's wife,
got herself into trouble.
They didn't tell me she could fight.
Maybe they didn't know.
[silenced gunshots]
[Elmore groans]
[Helen groans]
[snores]
[Helen gasps]
[Elmore groans]
[Elmore yells]
- [muffled yell, heavy breathing]
- Sh...
- [knife thrums]
- [Elmore groans]
[muffled groan] Fuck.
[breathes heavily]
Why did you kill Jason?
[both breathing heavily]
He was just a job.
He wasn't just a fucking job.
He was a person.
He was important, and you took him.
You took him from me.
- And you had no right.
- Right's got nothing to do with it.
- You know that.
- Who hired you?
- [Elmore gasps]
- Oh.
I have a cheese grater in the dishwasher.
I have a peeler.
I have skewers. I have a kettle.
I have a Nutribullet.
And so help me God, I'm gonna shove
little pieces of you into it
and turn you into a fucking smoothie
if you don't start talking.
I don't know who hired me to kill Jason.
All I know is,
I was sent a photograph and a name
and 24 hours to complete the job.
They told me I could name my price.
How much was his life worth to you?
[Elmore] A hundred thousand pounds.
[Helen] You're going to die for Jason
and for threatening my kids.
Then I'm gonna find out who hired you,
and I'm gonna kill them.
Well, that's your business, isn't it?
What now?
Garden.
[soft footsteps]
Open it.
He must have been very special,
your friend, if they hired me.
He wouldn't have seen it coming.
He'd barely have known it had happened.
Make it quick.
[silenced gunshot]
[body thuds]
[somber music plays]
[ominous music drones]
- [Wallace breathing softly]
- [poignant music underscores]
[whispers] Can I tell you a secret?
You can tell me anything.
You might not like me as much after.
[Jason] Anything.
[music swells, fades]
- [indistinct chatter on radio]
- [cutlery clinking]
[Wallace] Morning, Marie.
- Morning.
- [kids] Morning.
[Wallace] What did you
get up to last night?
Oh God. I had that drinks thing, remember?
[Wallace] Oh yeah.
Morning, kids. How are you doing?
I got Rudolph.
[Wallace] D'you know Rudolph
isn't actually an official reindeer?
- He was created by a toy company.
- [Jacqueline] What?
- [Wallace] That's very good.
- I got a snowflake.
He is a real reindeer!
None of them
are real reindeer, sweetheart.
[chuckles] Forget I said that.
Yes. We all love Rudolph, don't we?
- We do.
- Could you please eat your breakfast?
What are you doing today?
Got the memorial do later.
The civil servant who was killed.
- James.
- Jason.
[Wallace] Oh God, yeah.
Need to get that right, don't I?
Anyway, it's at some pub in Westminster.
Quite a few important people attending.
They even managed to drag Stephen along.
- Um...
- Yeah?
You know we talked about
getting a bit of security for the house?
Yeah. I'll... I'll talk to someone.
- It's a good idea.
- Mm.
- Um... I shouldn't be too late, okay?
- Okay.
Bye, kids. Bye.
- Hey!
- Oh, look, chocolate reindeer.
See, it is real. Ooh, very good.
- I told you.
- [Wallace] I love you.
[bells jingle]
[Christmas music plays]
[cell phone buzzes]
Hello.
[Reed] Samuel, I need to see you
and Helen urgently.
I'm on my way.
Hi, Lenny.
And Williams.
Imagine my fucking surprise
when I hear the news.
"Sam's back." [chuckles]
What are you gonna do?
- Butter me to death?
- He's holding a gun under the table.
- So are you.
- So am I.
Well, all right, we are not gonna have
a shoot-out in Soho in broad daylight.
I come here for brunch,
for Christ's sakes!
Who's this?
- Eleanor.
- She's my new partner.
Jesus Christ. That didn't take long.
What have you got, a waiting list?
Listen, any overnight business trips,
you insist on separate hotel rooms, okay?
Hands like an octopus,
this one, apparently.
- So what do you want?
- I don't know, Sam.
What could I possibly want with the man
who ran out on me seven years ago?
Could start with an apology,
move on to an explanation,
and eventually arrive at recompense.
Your partner was just business.
You know that.
Doesn't mean I'm not gonna kill you.
[chuckles] Yeah, but there's killing,
and then there's killing. You know?
You wanna come after me,
blow my brains out, I understand.
I wanna make sure
you haven't got a more protracted form
of score-settling in mind.
When it comes to what I've got in mind,
I'd just as soon keep my counsel,
if it's all the same to you.
- Gonna cut my cock off?
- Not straight away.
Who told you I was back?
I am all over this city.
You know that, Sam.
You think I'm unaware of it
if one of my ex-triggermen
is ordering breakfast in fucking W1?
- Who brought you back in?
- [Sam] I'm not telling you shit.
I'm not apologizing for shit,
and I'm not making anything up
to you either.
You and I have got nothing to do
with each other anymore.
As for our thing, sidebar it for a minute.
I need to know
who hired you the other night.
It was anonymous. In and out.
- Easy money till you turned up.
- What were you there for?
- None of your business. You?
- None of your business.
Listen, whatever other job
you've got going on, forget about it.
You shouldn't be working for anyone else.
Not in London. Not while you still owe me.
- What do I owe you?
- You know what you owe me, malaka!
Hector Newman.
[tense music plays]
[thunder rumbling]
[breathes heavily]
I'm not here to... deal with Hector Newman.
[Lenny] No, but, you see, that is exactly
what you're here to deal with.
Because you didn't deal with him
when I asked you.
And now he is a problem.
He is a problem for everyone.
And everyone knows that I'm the prick
who sent the prick to kill the prick,
and you didn't.
And that has led to a severe dent
in my professional reputation.
So now you are gonna give me
the benefit of your expertise
until such time
as I feel adequately compensated
for your past fuckery.
Or else I get these here two involved.
[laughs]
She wants to kill me
whether I do this for you or not.
[Lenny] Yeah,
but I'm not gonna hire her to kill you.
I'm gonna hire her
to go after your boy, Michael.
Now, he was very easy to find.
Him and his daughter.
[tense music continues]
What, my ex?
That's your leverage?
[laughs]
I haven't seen him for years.
I don't give a shit about him.
- [Williams] He's lying.
- I'm not.
- [Eleanor] Why's your eye twitching?
- Why's your mouth moving?
[Lenny] You finish my job for me
or these two take out Michael.
- [cup clatters]
- That's the deal.
- [chair shuffles]
- Oh.
Here's what he looks like now.
Got himself a little drug warehouse
in Brixton.
It'll be guarded. Take it out.
Lenny, I can't.
[Lenny] Listen.
You haven't got a choice, pickle.
Comfort yourself with that thought.
[tense music continues]
You know, the polite thing to do would be
to apologize for killing my partner.
- [door opens]
- I'm sorry I killed your partner.
- [door closes]
- Are we friends?
No. I'm still gonna fucking murder you.
Okay.
[tense music continues]
[Williams laughs]
[door opens]
- Shit.
- [door closes]
[tense music continues]
- [music fades]
- [machine whirring]
[powers down]
[TV reporter] ...provide any information
that could aid in the search
for the daughter
of the late Chinese ambassador.
Kai-Ming Chen, 21,
was last seen
in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
This followed the discovery
of her father's body in her flat.
Chen, well-known in London's party scene,
has been a frequent subject
of tabloid speculation
- due to her political connections...
- [line ringing]
- [man] Hey, boss.
- That girl from the other night.
Is she still there?
[man] Yeah, she's in Kelly's office.
Patch us through
the feed from the room, will ya?
[man] Okay, sure thing.
[TV reporter] Experts are concerned
that Kai-Ming...
[Hector] Put her upstairs.
Don't let her leave.
[TV reporter] ...puts her at extreme risk.
- I'm coming over.
- [man] No problem.
[TV reporter] ...Yarrick commented on
the increase in violence around the city
in the week approaching Christmas,
saying he was deeply concerned.
He stated,
"This time of year should be
a period of joy and celebration,
yet we are seeing
a troubling rise in criminal activity."
[Hector] Well... aren't we lucky?
- [man 1] There you go, my friend.
- [man 2] Thank you.
The Chinese are calling into question
the coroner's report.
But that's not the main problem right now.
The problem is who the Chinese
are accusing of being involved.
- Accusing? They've got a suspect?
- Yes.
- Not saying we did it?
- They're saying the Americans did.
- Oh fuck. That's worse.
- And saying we've helped cover it up.
- Oh, that's much fucking worse.
- Yeah.
What are the Americans saying?
[man 2] Denial in the strongest of terms.
Do we know if Beijing are gonna produce
any actual evidence of anything?
We wait with bated breath.
Oh, well, I love waiting
with bated breath.
- What about the daughter, Kai-Ming?
- Still missing.
I suppose I have to
ask the question. [scoffs]
What if they're telling the truth, Bill?
If the Yanks killed the ambassador?
[Wallace] Mm-hmm.
Start digging a bomb shelter.
- [chuckles wryly]
- [Bill sighs]
That's Christmas canceled, isn't it?
[birds squawking]
[footsteps sploshing]
What's going on?
Elmore Fitch was in my house last night.
What? What happened? Are the kids okay?
He's dead. I shot him. He's in my shed.
He's dead?
In your shed?
So, what? So we're done?
No, we're not done.
We need to find the people who sent him
and the other assassins.
If they sent one man, they'll send more.
Well, it was an anonymous job.
I mean, I assume.
So Fitch was looking for a camera?
Yeah, so were Kent and Williams.
So there's a video out there
that people are trying to get hold of?
[Reed] There always is these days.
[Helen] And Fitch was looking
for Kai-Ming too.
She holds the key to all of this.
Of the three people
murdered the other night,
Maggie went to school with Kai-Ming Chen.
Phillip, over a two-year period,
wrote 12 rather tawdry articles
about her party lifestyle
for the Weekday newspaper.
And Jason, well...
Other than the fact that Jason called her
five times before he died,
we can't find a single link or any reason
why Jason would have known Kai-Ming
or any of the deceased.
So I'll ask you again, Helen.
Did you tell Jason
anything you shouldn't have?
- No.
- [Reed] And he never asked you anything?
What, like what?
"Are you a spy?" No, weirdly, he didn't.
But do you know what,
instead of interrogating me,
why don't you do something useful,
like find Kai-Ming?
[door slams]
[Reed] So now we know she's a target.
It will reflect very poorly on you
if someone kills her, you know.
So I do hope you're giving this
your full attention.
She's right about Kai-Ming. We need to
find her and find out what she knows.
Yes, but let's tread lightly, shall we?
Ambassadors' daughters make me nervous.
I'd love to avoid triggering
a diplomatic incident.
Especially as we're not being paid to.
Tread lightly. Got it.
I'll send the progress report.
Oh, what about the body in Helen's shed?
Oh. I'll clean up, shall I?
As usual.
[footsteps]
[tense music plays]
[sighs]
[music pulsing]
[exhales deeply]
[Wallace] Got the memorial do later.
Apparently, they even managed
to drag Stephen along.
[tense music continues]
[woman] I know.
It's just terribly sad, isn't it?
[door closes]
[tense music continues]
- Stephen.
- [Stephen] Wallace.
[tense music continues]
[door opens]
[door closes]
- [Stephen] Ready for Christmas?
- [Wallace] I leave all that to Helen.
- Quite right too. How is she?
- [Wallace] Yeah, she's fine.
- [Stephen] The kids?
- [Wallace] Yeah.
[tense music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[car lock beeps]
[tense music continues]
How are the lofty halls of Westminster?
Stressed, Stephen.
[static interference]
- [static crackling]
- [garbled voices chatter]
[woman 1] I'm playing a bit of Balderdash.
It's really good.
[woman 2] Ah, that's years ago.
[Wallace] ...this ambassador thing
is threatening to spiral out of control.
The Chinese are about to tell everyone
the Americans had a hand in it.
[Stephen] They don't have any evidence.
[Wallace] We don't know
what they've got, do we?
[Stephen] I'm all over that case,
and they certainly don't have that.
How's the PM?
Well, he's... he's worried.
- [Stephen] They're not gonna go to war.
- [Wallace] They might. They fucking might.
If they actually think the Americans
killed their ambassador, fucking hell.
So we need to talk about Phillip Bray,
because he, um, he contacted me
and said he had a story
and some footage of you.
- [Stephen] I wish you'd made me aware.
- Yeah, but now he's dead, Stephen.
[scoffs]
[Stephen] Phillip Bray's
a fucking tabloid hack, Wallace.
I have no idea what he's talking about
or what his footage could be.
[Wallace] But the Chinese are saying
that we helped cover up a fucking crime.
- There hasn't been a crime.
- Stephen.
What are you asking me?
What am I...? [scoffs]
Phillip Bray comes to me.
He said he had a story of you.
He said it was linked to China,
and now he's fucking dead.
Did you have
anything to do with his death?
- Are you hiding something?
- [Stephen] Jesus Christ, Wallace.
[Wallace] I'm trying to grasp
what the hell is happening.
And that's it, Wallace. You're grasping.
- Stephen.
- [Stephen] Look.
The Chinese can make
as much noise as they want about this,
but my officers have looked into
the death of Ambassador Chen.
There's been no crime.
I have no idea
what Phillip Bray was going on about,
and I'm not aware of any footage.
You need to get some rest, Wally.
You look tired.
[tense music continues]
[machine clacks]
- [clattering]
- [case shuts]
- Hmm.
- [engine starts]
[music fades]
[melancholy music plays]
[Helen] Can I tell you a secret?
[Jason] You can tell me anything.
[Helen] You might not
like me as much after.
[Jason] Anything.
I'm not who you think I am.
[melancholy music continues]
Who are you, then?
Have you ever heard of a Black Dove?
[melancholy music continues]
[Helen] I'm a story that I tell people.
[music stops]
[Williams] Well, that's a sweet scene.
Really makes the heart melt.
Do you want advice?
Don't get sentimental.
Do you think
that you might be a psychopath, Williams?
Yeah, it's possible, I suppose.
I worry that I might be sometimes.
Psychopaths don't stand outside
their ex-boyfriend's flat,
pining like a slapped dog.
I'm gonna do Lenny's job,
so you can go home.
I don't know.
We might stay out here for a bit.
Yeah, it's a nice night for it. Yeah.
Yeah. Best of luck with the job though.
Last time you and Hector Newman
had a run-in, it didn't go well for you,
so just... try not to let that
play on your mind, I guess.
[tense music plays]
[music building]
[line ringing]
- [line clicks]
- [Sam] Lenny, I'm on my way there now.
[Lenny] Hector runs
his little drug operation
from the second floor of his warehouse.
He'll have protection.
Be prepared.
Listen.
If you wanna protect the people you love...
[gun cocks]
...you do this for me... and we're square.
Call me when it's done.
And, Sam,
don't fucking lie to me this time.
[handbrake clacks]
[fluttering]
[pigeon cooing]
[machinery whirs]
[distant music playing faintly]
♪ Think of all the fellas
That I haven't kissed ♪
♪ Next year, I could be twice as good ♪
♪ If you'll check off my Christmas list ♪
♪ Santa, baby, I want... ♪
[door creaks]
♪ ...not a lot ♪
♪ Been an angel all year ♪
♪ Santa, baby ♪
♪ So hurry down the chimney tonight ♪
♪ Santa, honey ♪
♪ One little thing I really need ♪
♪ The deed ♪
♪ To a platinum mine ♪
♪ Santa, baby
So hurry down the chimney tonight ♪
- [click]
- [music stops]
[eerie, suspenseful music plays]
[camera beeps]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Hector] And fate, Kai-Ming,
has put you here.
So start talking.
Now.
[gunshots on video]
- [man 1] Hector!
- [man 2] They're coming!
[man 1] They're coming! They're here!
Get her out now!
[Hector] Fuck, it's the Clarks!
We need to get out of here. Go, go, go!
- Get to the club! Move!
- [Kai-Ming screams]
[gunshots on video]
- [beep]
[tense music plays]
[music building]
- [huffs]
- [music swells]
Oh shit.
[music fades]
[somber music plays]
♪ I was five, and he was six ♪
♪ We rode on horses made of sticks ♪
♪ He wore black, and I wore white ♪
♪ He would always win the fight ♪
♪ Bang, bang ♪
♪ My baby shot me down ♪
♪ My, my, my baby shot me down ♪
[music fades]